a lot of people buy is Jersey some sport
of shoes some even wait hours just to
try to get his autograph before after a
game but Randy rauch an Ohio farmer may
have found one of the most unique ways
to Shola Bronson love Randy uses his
John Deere confused don't be you're
looking at a cornfield maze which as you
can see is dedicated to number 23 ohio's
favorite son Randy and his family are
behind the golden glory and Randy joins
us now on first take Randy why did you
want to do this in the first place oh
just a kind of honor LeBron and
everybody in the community really loved
him I think all of ohio loves him and it
was just a good way to do it in a big
cornfield give us some idea once you
decided that you wanted to do it what
did you have to go about doing to get
this may set you really just got to
start with an idea that you know you
think that everybody will relate to and
we kind of put those thoughts down on a
piece of paper and we work with the mace
company out in utah and sent them our
ideas and then they laid it out on a
computer and send it back to us and we
made some little changes to it added the
MVP part to it and stuff like that right
and you just cut it into the cornfield
and how big an area is this that we're
looking at it encompasses about eight or
nine acres so it's pretty good size yeah
how does that compare I'm such a bad
acre person football field wise how
about football fields roughly an acre
okay so like eight or nine ball fields
yeah something like that Wow how long
did it take you to do it uh not not too
long we actually let the company that
designs that cut it for us and they can
do it in a half a day I think it's like
anything else the more you do of a
particular job you get better at it and
quicker so it would take us day has
lebron seen it yet you know well i don't
know i mean we hope that him and him and
check both actually get to see it i know
they're coming to columbus next week for
an exhibition and it'd be great you know
be able to get them out there I'll see
it yeah no doubt how about the reaction
from from people around there that have
gotten a chance to see it now oh it's
it's really been great we do lots of
school field trips every morning and and
when you show the kids what maze
are going to go into the design all
their eyes light up you know and the
whole community we've got phone calls
you know from Cleveland and every
everywhere everybody loves LeBron
everybody'd like to see and stay in
cleveland and you know so it's been a
big hit you know you mentioned shack and
I'm wondering what does it take is there
any way that if Shaq is going to come
there can you add a Shack part to that
you know that was one of the thoughts
they traded for him just about the time
that that we were cutting it we almost
you know coldness can we add in Shack
and then off to the side but yeah so
only so much you can do maybe I'm trying
to think I don't know maybe you get a
big Shaq cut out if he comes out there
you go in the maze yeah well Randy
thanks so much for joining us it really
looks great and I'm sure that if LeBron
does see it he'll love it out there and
a lot of people be able to join enjoy it
for a little while thanks for joining us
well thank you